docs: add release notes for 5.11.1 (#1222)
elastic/apm-agent-rum-js: CHANGELOG.asciidoc

[[release-notes-5.x]]
=== RUM JS Agent version 5.x

[[release-notes-5.11.1]]
==== 5.11.1 (2022-05-16)
[float]
===== Features
* Span's outcome is now set to unknown when a fetch/xhr request aborts. The outcome can be found in the metadata information of the span details in APM UI: {pull}1211[#1211]

> * Allow to [disable events payload compression](https://www.elastic.co/guide/en/apm/agent/rum-js/current/troubleshooting.html#disable-events-payload-compression). This lets to inspect them for debugging purposes as well as for creating HAR files making sure they are readable: {pull}1214[#1214]

Reviewer: I would reword it in this way. 

+ Allow users the ability to disable compression for the events sent to APM server. This is helpful for debugging purposes while inspecting via Devtools and also for generating HAR file.

===== Bug fixes
* The instrumentation of fetch API consumes a response as a readable stream properly. Before this fix the related span was being ended on the start of the response rather than on the end of it: {pull}1213[#1213]

> * Agent now listens to all page clicks. Deprecate ```eventtarget``` instrumentation flag in favor of ```click``` and will be removed in the future releases: {pull}1219[#1219]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Agent now can listen to all click events on the page. Users can enable/disable click instrumentation via `disableInstrumentation: ["click"]`. ```eventtarget```  instrumentation flag will be deprecated in favor of ```click``` and will be removed in the future releases: {pull}1219[#1219]
```
